Vuln/NVD repos changes in dev procedure (#18446)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/engineering/README.md

3. Comment on the GitHub issue and at-mention the PM and anyone listed in the requester field.
4. If `customer-` labels are applied to the user story, at-mention the [VP of Customer Success](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#team).

> ### Make changes to vulnerabilitie-repo and NVD-repo

Reviewer: Repo names should match what is listed on the repos page: https://github.com/orgs/fleetdm/repositories

`vulnerabilities` repo and `nvd` repo.

> NVD-repo and Vulnerability-repo have two code locations that affect them. 

Reviewer: Use real repo names.

Reviewer: How about "`nvd` and `vulnerabilities` repo are managed in two locations:"

> 1. Their own code (within the repository itself).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The code and workflows in their repository.
```

2. Code sections in Fleet main repo that is being copied and run.

> Merging PRs into NVD-repo and/or Vulnerability-repo or into the relevant code sections in fleet repo, has an immediate effect of releasing and deploying to all customers without QA. 

Reviewer: Use real repos names.

Reviewer: What are the relevant code sections in the Fleet repo? What triggers the releasing and deploying to customers?

Due to this reason we need a special procedure for merging code into them.

> #### Copying code from fellt-repo

Reviewer: Is it called fellt-repo?

> The repos will only take TAG based code from fleet-main and not the latest.

Reviewer: TAG should not be capitalized. Should be tag-based.

Reviewer: `fleet-main` is not clear, should be the main branch on the Fleet repo.

> TAGs will include PR number in them: e.g. VULN_TAG_12345 

Reviewer: TAG should not be capitalized.

> Both repos have a way to configure the specific TAG to pull.

Reviewer: TAG should not be capitalized.

#### Dev work in fleet repo code that is copied and run by NVD and/or Vuln repo
----------------------- TODO Sharon: Remove the "NO CHANGE" and "NEW" comments after it's understood by the reviewer of this PR -----------------------

> 1. NO CHANGE: Fork the repo.

Reviewer: No change from what?

2. NO CHANGE: Create a new PR e.g. #12345
3. NO CHANGE: Merge PR to main after review and approval
4. NEW: Tag fleet-main branch with VULN_TAG_12345 

> 5. NEW: Hand over the forked repo to QA for testing.

Reviewer: Remove period (all bullet items should have periods or no periods)

6. NO CHANGE: wait for QA approval (see changes below)

> 7. NEW: After successful QA → Change TAG in the repo (Using a PR)

Reviewer: Tag should not be capitalized.

3. Comment on the GitHub issue and at-mention the PM and anyone listed in the requester field.
4. If `customer-` labels are applied to the user story, at-mention the [VP of Customer Success](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#team).

> ### Development in vulnerabilities and nvd repositories

Reviewer: ### Make changes to the vulnerabilities and nvd repositories

> The [nvd](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd) and [vulnerabilities](https://github.com/fleetdm/vulnerabilities) repositories continuously create output files that are downloaded and used by our customers' Fleet servers. 

Reviewer 2: Hey @sharon-fdm and @lukeheath, can we adjust the format for the handbook responsibilities here to keep with the structure of the departmental pages? All that is needed is to move lines 244 - 258 to the product groups page as those are more of the "What" and "Why". The other three sections are perfect examples of responsibilities as they explain the "How". The heading can change to H3s to match the rest of the page and be renamed in imperative mood verb phrase. Examples here: https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/leadership#outline-of-departmental-page-structure

Author: @Sampfluger88, sorry for the late response.
Could you please refer me to the place you want me to move lines 244-258?

Author: @Sampfluger88, I believe this section goes as one part that should remain together because lines 443-456 (originally 244-258 at the time you reviewed) explain why we need the process starting line 457.

TMWYT

3. Comment on the GitHub issue and at-mention the PM and anyone listed in the requester field.
4. If `customer-` labels are applied to the user story, at-mention the [VP of Customer Success](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/customer-success#team).

### Make changes to the vulnerabilities and nvd repositories
The [nvd](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd) and [vulnerabilities](https://github.com/fleetdm/vulnerabilities) repositories continuously create output files that are downloaded and used by our customers' Fleet servers. 
They run code that is managed in two places: 

> 1. The code and workflows in their respective repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The code and workflows in their respective repository.
```
Changing bullets to an unordered list since we're not listing sequential steps

> 2. Code sections in [fleet](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet) repo, which are copied and run by them. This code starts with the four files below but is not limited to them since other code could be called from them. The process will cover all fleet code using tagging.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Code sections in [fleet](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet) repo, which are copied and run by them. 
This code starts with the four files below but is not limited to them since other code could be called from them. The process will cover all fleet code using tagging.
```
- Same as above
- Moving that line down for readability

   - cmd/cve/generate.go
   - cmd/cpe/generate.go
   - cmd/msrc/generate.go
   - cmd/macoffice/generate.go

#### How do nvd and vulnerabilities repositories take code from fleet repo
The repositories will only take tag-based code from the [fleet](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet) 'main' branch, not the latest one. Tags will include PR numbers in them, e.g. VULN_TAG_12345. Both repositories use an environment parameter to configure their respective tag (changing the tag for any of the repos requires a PR).
The process below ensures that QA is done before any code is effective and running.

> #### Dev work in fleet repo code area that is copied and run by nvd and/or vulnerabilities repos

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Change code run by the nvd or vulnerabilities repo
```
- Made this shorter
- Changed heading level to H3 consistent with other responsibilities

1. Create a new PR into [fleet](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet) e.g. #12345.
2. Merge the PR into fleet main branch after review and approval.
3. Tag fleet main branch with VULN_TAG_XXXXX (e.g. VULN_TAG_12345).
4. Fork the relevant repo/s (nvd and/or vulnerabilities) and configure them to use the relevant tag (e.g. VULN_TAG_12345).
5. Hand over the forked repo/s to QA for testing.
6. Wait for QA approval.
7. After successful QA, configure the tag in the operational [nvd](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd) and/or [vulnerabilities](https://github.com/fleetdm/vulnerabilities) repositories to use the new code. (Using a PR).

> #### Dev work in nvd and/or vulnerabilities repo/s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Make a PR to the nvd or vulnerabilities repo
```

1. Fork [nvd](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd) and/or [vulnerabilities](https://github.com/fleetdm/vulnerabilities) repo/s.
2. Create a new PR and merge the new code into them.
3. Hand over the forked repo/s to QA for testing.
4. Wait for QA approval.
5. After successful QA, create a PR and merge the new code into [nvd](https://github.com/fleetdm/nvd) and/or [vulnerabilities](https://github.com/fleetdm/vulnerabilities).

> #### QA process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### QA a change affecting the nvd or vulnerabilities repo
```

1. Create the necessary fleet servers for testing.

> 2. Route the fleet test servers to the forked test Repositories (nvd and/or vulnerabilities).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Route the fleet test servers to the forked test repositories (nvd and/or vulnerabilities).
```
